adding the Provision section to the workshop (#1583)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/workshops/provision/vSphere-prepeartion.md

---

> title: "Preparing Needed for hosting EKS-A on vSphere"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Preparation for hosting EKS-A on vSphere"
```
